I think there's three three main ways
that people make money off of the
internet off of products on the Internet
the the first is with SAS based
businesses software as a service it's
typically when when people will sort of
come in and create a web service a web
application that streamlines a process
that was traditionally done often by by
somebody using Excel and pulling
information in from a bunch of different
sources and trying to manage it by hand
in Excel and so people will create a web
service which uses a database is
searchable and really I sort of
step-by-step processes for helping
people sort of manage this one example
of this is a company that I worked with
it the I accelerator called recruiterbox
so they're an applicant tracking service
since they're working with smaller
companies of the what they're mostly
competing with is people who had just
been using Excel they would put out a
job application resumes would come in
they'd put it into the spreadsheet and
try to keep track of who they talked to
what stage the process they were in and
all of this stuff another area is is
sort of advertise advertise entices
advertising is almost one of the older
forms of of making money on the internet
it's really where Google is is sort of
generates most of their revenue and so
the the main thing with an advertising
based business is really about traffic
you're trying to get as many people
engaged with with your content your site
for as long a time as possible the
demographic information is also very
important and so if your website targets
a specific kind of people then it it'll
be more valuable in terms of the ads
that you can generate the the third
category is is relatively new since the
advent of the the smartphone a couple of
years ago and specifically the iphone
it's app based businesses and so app
based apps tend to be a little bit
smaller and more sing
purpose then then web services
traditionally the nice thing about them
is that they have an upfront costs and
so a lot of times a sort of an
application like a horoscope that you
would be used to getting for free on the
web you're sort of willing to pay 99
cents for as a nap through the App Store
and so a company can sort of make a
reasonable business by by sort of
finding these different sort of small
services that they can provide creating
a small app for them and then you know
generating money that goes directly to
the user
you